hello dear friends with you again I
Ilyukha and today I will tell you how to log in
on the server in minecraft while to die schule
on any version then there is no yes for
any but
server ip different, well here we
minecraft menu itself as you see the version
010 4 Well here it’s your
worlds and see this one here edit button
press the edit button and it will highlight
such is the external button click on
she and we have here such
menu here we have server name
server address and server port
we must first enter the address address we
we introduce the server hunger games
Now memorize it, I threw in another
server in the description under this video here
remember the port leave the same port is not
we change nothing with the public and
we name server name as we want that is
let me call hangar mister hunter
to the places and click here this button
and d server now I will show you
how else to register on this server
before
so we carry some never
used here we have a location
the server here I have not gone as u
I'm too long Nick is too long
Well, let's put the nickname if that's what this
I hope no one played under this nickname
here you click here everything is fine
here we went to the north that is right here
we have bullshit
here here we have signs here
Now we will have a label joint at
joe and well how not to go in general
here we will have written when will
John is written that you will not go without
registration on the server, that is, you need
log in
and how to do it we go to the chat and
we write like this
write a slash register and send it all
in the chat will now write please type for
password you and chat in chat
write your password in the chat is valid
write any password well that you have
in which you want basically here's
my password is now written to us enter your
e-mail e-mail may not be
I'll tell you right away maybe
he was not really what I have right now
come let's say my nickname even forgot
sonic here on let's introduce here he can
be absolutely anything
enter the real box
here were all the guevara nauru places and
now after we
register, you must again lead our
fame password here we entered it
all and now we can go to
servers, what do we call back here
left the server and now we go back and
what we need to do
we just go to the chat and write ours with
you have a password, that is, I have this
password you have a different password and here we are
logged in we can safely go play
there is probably no free server
server
yes no server only for vipov in general
I hope you like it
video and you will like him and
you were hatch and I wish you all good luck
bye everyone